feels good to be back hi guys what's up
welcome back to small X Channel I know I
know it's been a minute I took a little
hiatus from YouTube while I was working
on some really exciting stuff in the
works for small Enix but I am back and
I'm really really excited about the
content that I have lined up for you
guys over the next couple months and
it's gonna really really get you on the
next level with your health and fitness
as a petite woman so I'm pumped also
while I was gone I created a little gift
for you totally free just to help you
out
I created this guide it's called from
small to powerful and it's a 40 page fat
loss guide for petite women includes
like all the nutrition stuff all the
fitness stuff it has the four steps that
you really need to implement in
strategies to help you jump-start your
fat loss and it has a workout program in
it as well I've seen women repeat this
program just free program over and over
and implement and integrate some of the
drive juice into their normal everyday
life and get amazing results so
definitely check it out it's down in the
description below you just download it
and let me know what you think about it
so as my first video back I thought it
would be fun to give you guys a little
update on where I'm at with my workouts
and my nutrition sort of like a physique
update but I really use that word on
this channel so I also want to show you
guys how I lost my kind of like summer
fun body uh-huh I'll be fine because
over the summer I was a little bit more
lenient that's what I like to do in the
summer I like to have more fun you know
go out with friends more drink a little
bit go out to eat more workout a little
bit less so I'm going to share with you
my summer routine and then what I'm
doing now in the fall I've already lost
about 4 pounds and got my body fat
percentage down so I'm gonna share with
you guys how I lock up how I good good
job role how I have gotten rid of that
kind of summer body and I
like getting my fall body and I don't
even know if that's a thing but for some
reason every year in the fall I always
feel really motivated and ready to smash
my goals and so I'm doing that now and
I'm gonna share it with you guys today
so without further ado let's jump into
it okay so before we jump into how I
lost the fat that I gained over the
summer I'll just talk to you about what
I was doing over the summer so over the
summer I was working a lot more because
like I said I was doing a lot of really
cool smolitics
behind the scenes stuff that you'll hear
about soon and I'm so sitting a lot more
you know and I was only working out four
days a week and I shouldn't say only I
mean that's a really good number but
that's less than I am used to I mean
being in a former athlete I used to work
out six days a week and last year last
couple years five was like my solid
number that's what I felt good doing
that's what kept me kind of fresh so
over the summer I was working out one
day less than normal I started eating
out a little bit more often so it's just
more lacks you know like if I wanted to
order our food I would just order it I
did not track my macros and typically
when I do that for a long period of time
I tend to just gain a little bit weight
which is totally fine and I like my body
at that weight but when the summer kind
of came to an end
I just wanted to clean it up you know
like I wanted to feel a little bit
leaner just kind of lighter on my feet
higher energy drink less alcohol and get
back to my nutrition because this is
what I love to do and I think having
these natural cycles is a natural thing
having cycles in your your exercise
routines and your what you're eating and
like how closely you're focused on it it
really really depends on where you are
in your life what's what else is going
on what you're able to do so I find it's
natural to kind of go in and out of
cycles and it's not like I'm dropping or
gaining huge amounts of weight it's
usually like maximum five pounds so
that's where as I
when I was in San Diego with my
boyfriend there was a really great trip
even though I wasn't at my leanest I
still like rocked my bikini and I felt
good in it and when I got home I was
just super motivated to get back to it
so here's what I did and how I lost my
summer weeks okay so the first thing
that I implemented was I started working
out five days a week instead of four
days a week so like I said I used to
work out for days weeks over the summer
and before that worked out five so I
just picked up that extra day and for me
that wasn't too big of a shift I really
just started going more consistently
going in the mornings when I could and I
have a plan for the gym so I'm actually
following my own program fatigue power I
just decided to restart it and I started
in August first and I am about seven
weeks in so in that time I've lost about
four pounds you can see my photo here
where I'm at now and I'm exercising
regularly I'm eating PSF again which is
my method for eating it's protein
healthy fats and fiber and like I said
I'm following the to power a lot of it
is total body strength training workouts
so I'm working on lifting weights always
lifting weights to get my metabolism up
and that's really really helped
kickstart my fat loss immediately like
in the first month I was seeing results
okay so number two I started tracking my
macros again just to see you around and
I was kind of curious like where my
metabolism had netted out over the
summer and what's great is I netted out
around 1900 calories which is much much
higher than most petite women would be
eating and that was about my maintenance
level so I was able to get my calories
up very slowly to a higher amount of
calories so now if I want to even go
down to 1,800 the fat it's pretty much
just gonna melt right off and of course
it takes work it takes eating healthy it
takes going to the gym and putting all
of you know your calories towards
building muscle but it is a lot easier
to lean lean down when you have a faster
metabolism and I'm not cutting or
anything like that
I'm just cleaning up my diet and when I
say cleaning up I mean I'm eating PFF
I'm making sure all my meals are protein
centric high protein meals I'm eating
about every four hours so I'm not
snacking throughout the day because
every time you snack you have more
opportunity to spike your blood sugar
when you spike your blood sugar your
body cannot be in a fat-burning state it
does that storing state because of the
hormone insulin which stores all of the
calories so basically nutrition has been
really really key and making this fat
loss pool successful number three I
stopped eating out as often and I eat
out probably two times a week now
instead of I don't even know how many
was I was summer but especially on
vacation or whatever I would eat out
maybe three or four nights a week or I
would just sort of not cook all my food
I do order meal prep service called eat
clean bro it's mostly a northeastern
service there's a lot of companies like
it in other areas if you're interested
so I basically just order now like all
my food in bulk so I order protein so
you know chicken and they'll get salmon
cooked comes to my house and I also
order like bulk vegetables in bulk
starch carbs so that would be the potato
as things like that that has helped a
lot I could that was probably the
biggest difference because you don't
always you can't you don't always know
what's in your food when you eat out at
a restaurant it's usually a lot higher
in fat so it's gonna have a you know
it's gonna add your daily caloric and
take a lot more than if you're cooking
for yourself so I'm now back to eating
and being more mindful about eating in
rather than taking out all time fourth
and final thing I did is I added a hit
training session to my week so over the
summer I was just doing you know
strength training four days a week and
basically no cardio and I don't ever do
that much cardio but when I really
jumpstart the fat loss I will add in a
day of hit so what I do what this looks
like is it's 15 minutes you should start
at 10 minutes of you never done it and
work up to 15 that's not what I did
so I you probably don't even need 15 if
you've never done before to start with
10 so I get on a treadmill I turn it up
to about 7 on the incline and I do
sprints for 30 seconds on and then I
rest 30 seconds and I just let the timer
go to 15 minutes so it's 15 sprints for
30 seconds I do this on Tremmel right
now just because it's easier however
there's a track next to my house and I
do another track too so you can take it
outdoors and if you don't like this type
of hit there are so many other types of
hit you can do you can do Tabata like
the ones that are in petite power and
you can do like total body hit workouts
it doesn't have to be Sprint's I just
find it's like the easiest for me to
just get done and I really like the
feeling of like all-out sprinting it
just feels good the reason why I put on
an incline is so that I don't have to
sprint and my maximum maximum capacity
and this helps minimize the risk of
energy of injury I don't want you guys
getting injured if you're running at an
incline your speed is going to be slower
of course because we can't run as fast
up a hill as we can on flatland and so
it slows you down while still getting
your heart rate to skyrocket and so it's
just a safer way to run if you find this
comfort with it and your Achilles just
put the platform back down and deuce
normal sprints but if you have the
mobility and your ankles to go up at a
little bit of an incline it will help
make the run and feel a little bit less
impactful on your body overall so I like
a set of about seven weeks in I'm
feeling really really good I am back to
like my normal schedule my routine and
if you guys want to implement any of
this let me know it was really really
effective in losing that summer fat and
I'm just gonna keep going and see where
it takes me if you want to know how to
jumpstart it on your own and in more
detail definitely download my fat loss
guide for petites again it's in the
description below and I'm so excited to
be back and see you guys again and
there's gonna be a lot of great stuff
coming in the next couple weeks so stay
tuned for more and I'll see you then
[Music]